[Music]
Hello friends, a very warm welcome to
my YouTube channel. I am your
health and life insurance consultant, Kajal.
In today's video, we will talk about ICC
Lombards Health Advantage Plan. But
I want to tell you one important thing in the
middle of this video. If
any of your life and health insurance
related claims has been rejected by the company for any reason, then please
contact us.
We will try our best to get you the claim.
Our team has 12
years of experience in this industry. Till now, we have
settled claims of many people. We will provide you
24-hour support for the recording of your claim.
If you want to talk to us about the recording of your claim,
you can take our help by calling the number shown on the screen.
Before starting the video, I would like to request all of you to
please
subscribe to my channel.
Please like my videos and press the bell icon so that
you keep getting the latest updates regarding my videos. Most of the people
require medical claims at some point of time. The
increasing cost related to medical treatment, lab tests, medicines etc.  And
doctor's consultation has become quite expensive.
ICC Lombards Health Advantage
plan is designed to meet your health needs at every stage of your illness or disease.
Let us now understand this plan
in detail. In this plan,
you get insurance ranging from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 3 crore.
You get 180 days for both. If we
talk about Henry's term, then in this plan, the
minimum age for adults is 18 years
and the maximum age for adults is 65 years. The
minimum age for a child is 91 days and the
maximum age for a child is 25 years. This plan is
available in both individual and family floater type plans.
You get floater tax in which you can cover grandfather,
grandmother, father's daughter, mother's daughter, son's daughter, grandson, granddaughter, brother's sister, brother's daughter in a
single policy in one
premium amount and sum injured.
If we talk about policy
term, then one, two and three  The policy
term will be of one year. You can avail this policy from a live fund.
Apart from this,
expenses related to ice cream and day care treatment are
also covered in this plan, including dialysis,
radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Apart from this,
this plan also covers organ donor expenses. Not
only this,
you can also avail annual health checkup in this plan.
After this,
you will get an award of up to Rs. 10,000 in this plan. Now, people
above 18 years of age
get personal accident insurance in this plan.
You get claim protector benefit in this plan,
due to which non-paper items will also be covered
in this plan.
You get claim protector benefit in this plan, due to
which
your sum in short will increase as per the consumer price index.
You also get annual insurance benefit,
that too 100% of the sum assured in an
policy. You get guaranteed cumulative bonus in
this plan. On renewal of the policy, you get
20% up to the maximum of 100%, that is,  You
get extra benefit for the year in which you do
not claim from the policy. Animal
vaccination up to Rs. 10,000 is covered in this plan.
On taking Apex Plus plan, you
also get maternity benefit in this plan
which covers the additional medical course of mother's pregnancy and child
delivery
and yes, this add-on
is applicable only to those females whose policy term will be 3 years
and further will be from 18 to 45 years.
You also get newborn baby benefit
and you get double of the maternity
benefit. Baby vaccination is also
covered here. 1% off discount up to maximum Rs.
10,000. If you are hospitalized for 10 days or more, then
you get
concession benefit up to Rs. 20,000.
You also get critical tax in this plan,
you can get up to Rs. 50 lakh in this plan, in
which your major critical
analysis is done and
you also get 50% off on surgery.  The
maximum up to Rs 10 lakh
in this policy is given to a person aged 18 years and above.
After a waiting period of 3 years, if you participate in wellness
programs
and stay healthy,
you can redeem wellness points in this plan
and OPD bills, doctor
consultation, medical and drugs, diagnostic
expenses and dental expenses. Well, let us
know about some of the option benefits.
You also get home care treatment here. You get the
facility of unlimited medical consultations up to a maximum of Rs 25,000.
Worldwide tax is also
available to you in this plan. If you have Rs 25 lakh or
above, then
you also get domestic and ambulance card in the plan.
Now let us talk about the waiting
period. The initial waiting period is
30 days. For specific diseases,
you have a waiting period of 24 months and
for all existing diseases, you have a waiting period of 24
months.  There is a waiting period of
10 to 20% off on the plan. The payment option is available to you from 10 to 20%.
Apart from this, you get a 15-day free
look period. If
you are not satisfied with your chosen plan due to any of its terms and conditions, then
you can
also cancel your policy within 15 days.
Friends, if you want to
know more details about the ICC Lombard Health Advantage plan,
you can contact us.
You can connect with me with the help of the number you see on the screen. So
friends, that's all for today's
video. I hope
you found the information given in this video
useful. We will keep sharing important information
related to life and health insurance for you. All those who are
connected with us, please
stay with us in this journey and if you are
new to our channel, then please subscribe to our channel
and become a part of our family.
Thank you very much for staying with me.
[Music]